.TH Adept 1 "21 Dec 2018" "0.0.70" "User Manual"
.SH NAME
adept-jpeg.sh \- the adaptive JPG Compressor
.SH DESCRIPTION
This script adaptively alters the compression level for areas within JPEGs (per-block)
to achieve optimized file size while maintaining a decent visual quality.
This script achieves a significantly reduced file size compared to standard tools
such as cjpeg while maintaining good visual quality, as can be measured via SSIM.
This is good news for the and thus Web Developer community to achieve
a great user experience on websites.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B adept-jpeg.sh [ OPTIONS ] /path/to/image.jpeg
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h
Displays help message.
.TP
.B \-c string
Name compressor: imagemagick (default), cjpeg, jpegoptim, jpge, mozcjpeg.
.TP
.B \-q 0..100
Compression rate of areas considered as important, default value is 'inherit'.
.TP
.B \-Q 0..100
Compression rate of areas deemed suitable for high compression, default is 69.
.TP
.B \-s suffix
This will append 'suffix' to filenames. Default value is '_adept_compress[_compressor]'.
.TP
.B \-t integer
tile size, accepted values are 8,16,32,64,128 and 256. The smaller the value, the better results but might take signifficantly more time to process. The default value is 'autodetect'.
.SH COMPRESSOR
.TP
.B cjpeg
Standard jpeg library.
.TP
.B imagemagick
Standard jpeg library using imagemagick.
.TP
.B jpegoptim
Standard jpeg library using jpegoptim.
.TP
.B jpge
Research JPEG encoder.
.TP
.B mozcjpeg
Mozjpeg library. A JPEG codec that provides increased compression for JPEG images.
.SH EXAMPLE
adept-jpeg.sh sample.jpg
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR imagemagick (1),
.BR djpeg (1),
.BR cjpeg (1),
.BR jpegoptim (1),
.BR jpegrescan (1),
.BR jpge (1),
.BR mozcjpeg (1),
.SH AUTHOR
Copyright (c) 2015, Tobias Baldauf.
All rights reserved.
